docs/team/karruilau.adoc, before:

= Lau Kar Rui - Project Portfolio
ifdef::env-github,env-browser[:outfilesuffix: .adoc]
:imagesDir: ../images
:stylesDir: ../stylesheets

== Project: iungo
iungo is a desktop address book application used for learning Software Engineering principles. The user interacts with
it using a CLI, and it has a GUI created with JavaFX. It is written in Java, and has about 6 kLoC.

*Code contributed*: [https://github.com[Functional code]] [https://github.com[Test code]] {give links to collated code files}

=== Enhancement Added: Setting of homepage

==== External behavior

---
#Start of Extract [from: User Guide]#

include::../UserGuide.adoc[tag=edit]

include::../UserGuide.adoc[tag=add]

#End of Extract#

---

==== Justification

Previous behaviour of both add and edit did not allow the user to set their homepage to something more useful.

This implementation now enhances the usability of the application by allowing the user to set relevant homepages for
each individual contact, such as their Facebook or LinkedIn profiles.

==== Implementation

---
#Start of Extract [from: Developer Guide]#

include::../DeveloperGuide.adoc[tag=sethomepage]

#End of Extract#

---

=== Enhancement Added: Sort

==== External behavior
---
#Start of Extract [from: User Guide]#

include::../UserGuide.adoc[tag=sort]

#End of Extract#

---

==== Justification

Previously, the `list` view of the application would show contacts in the order they were added. For an address book
with many contacts added, sorting would allow the user (who, for some reason, does not want to use the `find` command)
to be able to view the contact list in alphabetical ascending/ descending order.

==== Implementation

---
#Start of Extract [from: Developer Guide]#

include::../DeveloperGuide.adoc[tag=sort]

#End of Extract#
---

=== Other contributions

{To be included in the future}

Commit message:

Docs::Team: Update portfolio to include setavatar

docs/team/karruilau.adoc, after:

= Lau Kar Rui - Project Portfolio
ifdef::env-github,env-browser[:outfilesuffix: .adoc]
:imagesDir: ../images
:stylesDir: ../stylesheets

== Project: iungo
iungo is a desktop address book application used for learning Software Engineering principles. The user interacts with
it using a CLI, and it has a GUI created with JavaFX. It is written in Java, and has about 6 kLoC.

*Code contributed*: [https://github.com[Functional code]] [https://github.com[Test code]] {give links to collated code files}

=== Enhancement Added: Setting of homepage

==== External behavior

---
#Start of Extract [from: User Guide]#

include::../UserGuide.adoc[tag=edit]

include::../UserGuide.adoc[tag=add]

#End of Extract#

---

==== Justification

Previous behaviour of both add and edit did not allow the user to set their homepage to something more useful.

This implementation now enhances the usability of the application by allowing the user to set relevant homepages for
each individual contact, such as their Facebook or LinkedIn profiles.

==== Implementation

---
#Start of Extract [from: Developer Guide]#

include::../DeveloperGuide.adoc[tag=sethomepage]

#End of Extract#

---

=== Enhancement Added: Sort

==== External behavior
---
#Start of Extract [from: User Guide]#

include::../UserGuide.adoc[tag=sort]

#End of Extract#

---

==== Justification

Previously, the `list` view of the application would show contacts in the order they were added. For an address book
with many contacts added, sorting would allow the user (who, for some reason, does not want to use the `find` command)
to be able to view the contact list in alphabetical ascending/ descending order.

==== Implementation

---
#Start of Extract [from: Developer Guide]#

include::../DeveloperGuide.adoc[tag=sort]

#End of Extract#
---

=== Enhancement Added: Set avatar

==== External behavior
---
#Start of Extract [from: User Guide]#

include::../UserGuide.adoc[tag=avatar]

#End of Extract#

---

==== Justification

Setting an avatar is a natural extension of an address book application

==== Implementation

---
#Start of Extract [from: Developer Guide]#

include::../DeveloperGuide.adoc[tag=avatar]

#End of Extract#
---

=== Other contributions

{To be included in the future}
