docs/team/yewshengkai.adoc, before:

= Yew Sheng Kai - Project Portfolio
ifdef::env-github,env-browser[:outfilesuffix: .adoc]
:imagesDir: ../images
:stylesDir: ../stylesheets

== Project: iungo
iungo is a desktop address book application used for learning Software Engineering principles. The user interacts with
it using a CLI, and it has a GUI created with JavaFX. It is written in Java, and has about 6 kLoC.

*Code contributed*: [https://github.com[Functional code]] [https://github.com[Test code]] {give links to collated code files}

=== Enhancement Added: Find/Findany feature with prefixes

==== External behavior

---
#Start of Extract [from: User Guide]#

include::../UserGuide.adoc[tag=find]

#End of Extract#

---

==== Justification

Previous behaviour of find operation did not allow the user to search for other details except for their name.

This implementation now enhances the usability of the application by allowing the user to utilizes different prefixes to search
for single/multiple contact details or a portion of details.

==== Implementation

---
#Start of Extract [from: Developer Guide]#

include::../DeveloperGuide.adoc[tag=find]

#End of Extract#

---

=== Enhancement Added: Theme

==== External behavior
---
#Start of Extract [from: User Guide]#

include::../UserGuide.adoc[tag=theme]

#End of Extract#

---

==== Justification

Previously, the application only support one theme which makes the address book looks dull and may not be suitable to be viewed by
user under certain circumstances (e.g. At certain time or day, user might opt for brighter look and feel on the address book)

==== Implementation

---
#Start of Extract [from: Developer Guide]#

include::../DeveloperGuide.adoc[tag=theme]

#End of Extract#
---

=== Enhancement Added: Gmap

==== External behavior
---
#Start of Extract [from: User Guide]#

include::../UserGuide.adoc[tag=gmap]

#End of Extract#

---

==== Justification

Previously, the application list its `Person` details using ListView. With the updated GUi, the person details will now be shown on
the left panel beside the web browser. Gmap command is hence added so that user is able to search for `Person` details other than selecting its homepage.

==== Implementation

---
#Start of Extract [from: Developer Guide]#

include::../DeveloperGuide.adoc[tag=gmap]

#End of Extract#
---


=== Other contributions

* Updated the GUI layout and color scheme, logo (Pull requests https://github.com[#7], https://github.com[#15], https://github.com[#10], https://github.com[#33], https://github.com[#63])
* Wrote default functionality for developer guide 'Use case' (textual form) (Pull requests https://github.com[#10])
* Wrote additional tests to increase coverage (Pull requests all)

{To be included in the future}

Commit message:

Docs:DeveloperGuide, UserGuide, portfolio update on `About` command

docs/team/yewshengkai.adoc, after:

= Yew Sheng Kai - Project Portfolio
ifdef::env-github,env-browser[:outfilesuffix: .adoc]
:imagesDir: ../images
:stylesDir: ../stylesheets

== Project: iungo
iungo is a desktop address book application used for learning Software Engineering principles. The user interacts with
it using a CLI, and it has a GUI created with JavaFX. It is written in Java, and has about 6 kLoC.

*Code contributed*: [https://github.com[Functional code]] [https://github.com[Test code]] {give links to collated code files}

=== Enhancement Added: Find/Findany feature with prefixes

==== External behavior

---
#Start of Extract [from: User Guide]#

include::../UserGuide.adoc[tag=find]

#End of Extract#

---

==== Justification

Previous behaviour of find operation did not allow the user to search for other details except for their name.

This implementation now enhances the usability of the application by allowing the user to utilizes different prefixes to search
for single/multiple contact details or a portion of details.

==== Implementation

---
#Start of Extract [from: Developer Guide]#

include::../DeveloperGuide.adoc[tag=find]

#End of Extract#

---

=== Enhancement Added: Theme

==== External behavior
---
#Start of Extract [from: User Guide]#

include::../UserGuide.adoc[tag=theme]

#End of Extract#

---

==== Justification

Previously, the application only support one theme which makes the address book looks dull and may not be suitable to be viewed by
user under certain circumstances (e.g. At certain time or day, user might opt for brighter look and feel on the address book)

==== Implementation

---
#Start of Extract [from: Developer Guide]#

include::../DeveloperGuide.adoc[tag=theme]

#End of Extract#
---

=== Enhancement Added: Gmap

==== External behavior
---
#Start of Extract [from: User Guide]#

include::../UserGuide.adoc[tag=gmap]

#End of Extract#

---

==== Justification

Previously, the application list its `Person` details using ListView. With the updated GUi, the person details will now be shown on
the left panel beside the web browser. Gmap command is hence added so that user is able to search for `Person` details other than selecting its homepage.

==== Implementation

---
#Start of Extract [from: Developer Guide]#

include::../DeveloperGuide.adoc[tag=gmap]

#End of Extract#
---

=== Enhancement Added: About

==== External behavior
---
#Start of Extract [from: User Guide]#

include::../UserGuide.adoc[tag=about]

#End of Extract#

---

==== Justification

Allow user to view the About Us page and contact the developers for bugs and improvement.

==== Implementation

---
#Start of Extract [from: Developer Guide]#

include::../DeveloperGuide.adoc[tag=about]

#End of Extract#
---


=== Other contributions

* Updated the GUI layout and color scheme, logo (Pull requests https://github.com[#7], https://github.com[#15], https://github.com[#10], https://github.com[#33], https://github.com[#63])
* Wrote default functionality for developer guide 'Use case' (textual form) (Pull requests https://github.com[#10])
* Wrote additional tests to increase coverage (Pull requests all)

{To be included in the future}
