docs/AboutUs.adoc, before:

= About Us
:relfileprefix: team/
ifdef::env-github,env-browser[:outfilesuffix: .adoc]
:imagesDir: images
:stylesDir: stylesheets

// TODO: Think of a name for our application
AddressBook - Level 4 is built on a fork of https://github.com/nus-cs2103-AY1718S1/addressbook-level4[AddressBook -
Level
 4],
which was developed by the https://se-edu.github.io/docs/Team.html[se-edu] team. +
{empty} +
We are a team based in the http://www.comp.nus.edu.sg[School of Computing, National University of Singapore].

// TODO: Finalize team roles
== Project Team

=== Lau Kar Rui
image::karrui.jpg[width="150", align="left"]
{empty}[https://github.com/karrui[github]]

Role: Developer +
Responsibilities: Logic

'''

// TODO: Update to a higher resolution profile picture
=== Yew Sheng Kai
image::shengkai.png[width="150", align="left"]
{empty}[http://github.com/yewshengkai[github]]

Role: Developer +
Responsibilities: UI

'''

// TODO: Add profile picture
=== Basyir B Othman
image::basyir.jpg[width="150", align="left"]
{empty}[http://github.com/basyiro[github]]

Role: Developer +
Responsibilities: Model

'''

Commit message:

Docs::AboutUs: Update new application name and logo

docs/AboutUs.adoc, after:

= About Us
:relfileprefix: team/
ifdef::env-github,env-browser[:outfilesuffix: .adoc]
:imagesDir: images
:stylesDir: stylesheets

image::iungo-logo.png[width="128", alight="left"]
/ˈjun.ɡoː/, [ˈjʊŋ.ɡoː] +
_verb_ - latin for _connect_

iungo is built on a fork of https://github.com/nus-cs2103-AY1718S1/addressbook-level4[AddressBook -
Level
 4],
which was developed by the https://se-edu.github.io/docs/Team.html[se-edu] team. +
{empty} +
We are a team based in the http://www.comp.nus.edu.sg[School of Computing, National University of Singapore].

// TODO: Finalize team roles
== Project Team

=== Lau Kar Rui
image::karrui.jpg[width="150", align="left"]
{empty}[https://github.com/karrui[github]]

Role: Developer +
Responsibilities: Logic

'''

// TODO: Update to a higher resolution profile picture
=== Yew Sheng Kai
image::shengkai.png[width="150", align="left"]
{empty}[http://github.com/yewshengkai[github]]

Role: Developer +
Responsibilities: UI

'''

// TODO: Add profile picture
=== Basyir B Othman
image::basyir.jpg[width="150", align="left"]
{empty}[http://github.com/basyiro[github]]

Role: Developer +
Responsibilities: Model

'''
