docs/UserGuide.adoc, before:

= iungo - User Guide
:toc:
:toc-title:
:toc-placement: preamble
:sectnums:
:imagesDir: images
:stylesDir: stylesheets
:experimental:
ifdef::env-github[]
:tip-caption: :bulb:
:note-caption: :information_source:
endif::[]
:repoURL: https://github.com/CS2103AUG2017-F11-B3/main

By: `Team F11-B3`      Since: `Oct 2017`      Licence: `MIT`

== Quick Start

.  Ensure you have Java version `1.8.0_60` or later installed in your Computer.
+
[NOTE]
Having any Java 8 version is not enough. +
This app will not work with earlier versions of Java 8.
+
.  Download the latest `addressbook.jar` link:{repoURL}/releases[here].
.  Copy the file to the folder you want to use as the home folder for your Address Book.
.  Double-click the file to start the app. The GUI should appear in a few seconds.
.. The application will be preloaded with sample contacts. Type `clear` in the command box to reset the addressbook. For more information, look at 5.
+
image::Ui.png[width="790"]
+
.  Type the command in the command box and press kbd:[Enter] to execute it. +
e.g. typing *`help`* and pressing kbd:[Enter] will open the help window.
.  Some example commands you can try:

* *`list`* : lists all contacts
* **`add`**`n/John Doe p/98765432 e/johnd@example.com a/John street, block 123, #01-01` : adds a contact named `John Doe` to the Address Book.
* **`delete`**`3` : deletes the 3rd contact shown in the current list
* *`exit`* : exits the app

.  Refer to the link:#features[Features] section below for details of each command.

== Features

====
*Command Format*

* Words in `UPPER_CASE` are the parameters to be supplied by the user e.g. in `add n/NAME`, `NAME` is a parameter which can be used as `add n/John Doe`.
* Items in square brackets are optional e.g `n/NAME [t/TAG]` can be used as `n/John Doe t/friend` or as `n/John Doe`.
* Items with `…`​ after them can be used multiple times including zero times e.g. `[t/TAG]...` can be used as `{nbsp}` (i.e. 0 times), `t/friend`, `t/friend t/family` etc.
* Parameters can be in any order e.g. if the command specifies `n/NAME p/PHONE_NUMBER`, `p/PHONE_NUMBER n/NAME` is also acceptable.
====

[NOTE]
Some commands have `aliases` -- shorter command parameters. If they exist, they will be positioned beside the
full command in the header title. +
E.g. Adding a person : `add`, `a`
[NOTE]
Some commands can be `undone`. If they exist, an `UNDOABLE` will be positioned below the full command in the header.

=== Viewing help : `help`

Format: `help`

// tag::about[]
=== Viewing About us : `about`

Format: `about`
// end::about[]

// tag::add[]
=== Adding a person: `add`, `a`

`UNDOABLE`

Adds a person to the address book +
Format: `add n/NAME p/PHONE_NUMBER [e/EMAIL] [a/ADDRESS] [h/HOMEPAGE] [t/TAG]...`

[TIP]
A person can have any number of tags (including 0) +
[TIP]
The `EMAIL`, `ADDRESS`, `HOMEPAGE`, and `TAG` parameters are OPTIONAL {since v1.5rc}
[NOTE]
A person will have a default homepage of a Google search of his/her name, if `/h` was not included in the add command
[NOTE]
The `HOMEPAGE` provided should be a complete URL, including the `http://` header

Examples:

* `add n/John Doe p/98765432 e/johnd@example.com a/John street, block 123, #01-01 h/http://www.johndoe.com`
* `add n/Betsy Crowe t/friend a/Newgate Prison p/1234567 t/criminal`
* `a n/Jane Doe p/87654321 e/janede@example.com`

// end::add[]

=== Listing all persons : `list`, `l`

Shows a list of all persons in the address book. +
Format: `list`

// tag::sort[]
=== Sorting the contact list : `sort`

`UNDOABLE` +
{since v1.2} +
Sorts the contact list in either [a]scending or [d]escending order and shows the list. +
Format: `sort a` or `sort d`

****
* The parameters are OPTIONAL. `sort` on its own will default to a sort in ascending order.
****

// end::sort[]


// tag::edit[]
=== Editing a person : `edit`, `e`

`UNDOABLE` +
Edits an existing person in the address book. +
Format: `edit INDEX [n/NAME] [p/PHONE] [e/EMAIL] [a/ADDRESS] [h/HOMEPAGE] [t/TAG]...`

****
* Edits the person at the specified `INDEX`. The index refers to the index number shown in the last person listing. The index *must be a positive integer* 1, 2, 3, ...
* At least one of the optional fields must be provided.
* Existing values will be updated to the input values.
* When editing tags, the existing tags of the person will be removed i.e adding of tags is not cumulative.
* You can remove all the person's tags by typing `t/` without specifying any tags after it.
* You can reset the homepage to the default homepage by typing `h/` without specifying any URL after it.
****

[NOTE]
If the name is edited and the contact did not previously have a custom homepage set, the default homepage will switch
 to a Google search of the new name. If there was a custom homepage set, the homepage will not change

Examples:

* `edit 1 p/91234567 e/johndoe@example.com` +
Edits the phone number and email address of the 1st person to be `91234567` and `johndoe@example.com` respectively.
* `e 2 n/Betsy Crower h/http://www.google.com t/` +
Edits the name of the 2nd person to be `Betsy Crower`, sets the homepage to be `http://www.google.com`,  and clears all existing tags.

// end::edit[]

// tag::find[]
=== Locating persons by full keyword: `find`, `f`

{find by parameters available since v1.2} +
Finds persons whose details contain any of the given specified keywords. *Keyword must be exact* +
Format: `find KEYWORD [MORE_KEYWORDS]` +
`[p/PHONE] KEYWORD [MORE_KEYWORDS]` +
`[e/EMAIL] KEYWORD [MORE_KEYWORDS]` +
`[a/ADDRESS] KEYWORD [MORE_KEYWORDS]` +
`[h/HOMEPAGE] KEYWORD [MORE_KEYWORDS]` +
`[t/TAG] KEYWORD [MORE_KEYWORDS]`

****
* The search is case insensitive. e.g `hans` will match `Hans`
* The order of the keywords does not matter. e.g. `Hans Bo` will match `Bo Hans`
* Fields are optional (having no options default to finding name).
* Only full words can be matched e.g. `Han` will not match `Hannons`
* Persons matching at least one keyword will be returned (i.e. `OR` search). e.g. `Hans Bo` will return `Hans Gruber`, `Bo Yang`
****

Examples:

Find by `Name`:

* `find John` +
Returns `john` and `John Doe` but does not return `Johnson`
* `f Betsy Tim John` +
Returns any person having names `Betsy`, `Tim`, or `John` but does not return `Johnson`

Find by `Phone`:

* `find p/9123456` +
Returns any person having phone `9123456`
* `find p/9123456 8123456` +
Returns any person having phone `9123456`, `8123456`

=== Locating persons by partial keyword: `findany`, `fa`

{since v1.2} +
Finds persons whose details contain any of the given specified keywords. *Keyword can be partial.* +
Format: `findany KEYWORD [MORE_KEYWORDS]` +
`[p/PHONE] KEYWORD [MORE_KEYWORDS]` +
`[e/EMAIL] KEYWORD [MORE_KEYWORDS]` +
`[a/ADDRESS] KEYWORD [MORE_KEYWORDS]` +
`[h/HOMEPAGE] KEYWORD [MORE_KEYWORDS]` +
`[t/TAG] KEYWORD [MORE_KEYWORDS]`

****
* Keyword used can be partial. e.g. `Han` will match `Hannon`
****

Examples:

Find by `Name`:

* `findany john` +
Can return `Johnson` and `John Doe`
* `fa Bets Tim John` +
Returns any person having names containing `Bets`, `Tim`, or `John`, i.e. `Betsy`, `Timothy`, or `Johnson`.

Find by `Phone`:

* `findany p/9123` +
Returns `9123456`, `91234888`
* `fa p/123 777 888` +
Returns any person having phone `9123456`, `8123456`, `8777666`, or `9888555`
// end::find[]


=== Deleting a person : `delete`, `d`

`UNDOABLE` +
Deletes the specified person from the address book. +
Format: `delete INDEX`

****
* Deletes the person at the specified `INDEX`.
* The index refers to the index number shown in the most recent listing.
* The index *must be a positive integer* 1, 2, 3, ...
****

Examples:

* `list` +
`delete 2` +
Deletes the 2nd person in the address book.
* `find Betsy` +
`d 1` +
Deletes the 1st person in the results of the `find` command.

=== Selecting a person : `select`, `s`

Selects the person identified by the index number used in the last person listing. +
Format: `select INDEX`

****
* Selects the person and loads the Google search page the person at the specified `INDEX`.
* The index refers to the index number shown in the most recent listing.
* The index *must be a positive integer* `1, 2, 3, ...`
****

Examples:

* `list` +
`select 2` +
Selects the 2nd person in the address book.
* `find Betsy` +
`s 1` +
Selects the 1st person in the results of the `find` command.

//tag::remark[]
=== Adding a Remark to a person : `remark`, `re`

`UNDOABLE` +
{since v1.1} +
Give a person a remark by the index number used in the last person listing. +
Format: `remark INDEX re/REMARK`

****
* Give the person a remark at the specified `INDEX`.
* The index refers to the index number shown in the most recent listing.
* The index *must be a positive integer* `1, 2, 3, ...`
* The re/REMARK field is compulsory.
****

Examples:

* `list` +
`remark 2 re/He's my childhood friend` +
Give the 2nd person a remark in the address book.
* `find Betsy` +
`re 1 re/Owes me money` +
Gives the 1st person in the results of the `find` command a remark.

// end::remark[]

//tag::avatar[]
=== Setting an avatar for a contact : `setavatar`, `sa`
{since v1.3} +
Sets an avatar for a contact referenced by the index number used in the last person listing.
If `AVATAR_URL` is empty; i.e `sa INDEX sa/`, the current avatar (if any) will be deleted. +
Format: `setavatar INDEX sa/[AVATAR_URL]` +
Alias: `sa INDEX sa/[AVATAR_URL]`

[NOTE]
This requires an active Internet connection to work, as the application requires an URL to retrieve the image.
[NOTE]
This command *cannot* be undone, if `sa INDEX sa/` is invoked, you will need to add the avatar again with an URL.

****
* Sets the avatar for the contact at the specified `INDEX`.
* The index refers to the index number shown in the most recent listing.
* The index *must be a positive integer* `1, 2, 3, ...`
* If `AVATAR_URL` is empty; i.e `""`, the avatar will be removed and the default avatar will be shown
* The image size *must not be bigger than 50KB*.
****

Examples:

* `setavatar 1 sa/https://i.imgur.com/xPHOeWL.png` +
Sets the avatar of the 1st person listed to be the image as referenced by https://i.imgur.com/xPHOeWL.png.
//end::avatar[]

=== Listing entered commands : `history`, `h`

Lists all the commands that you have entered in reverse chronological order. +
Format: `history`

[NOTE]
====
Pressing the kbd:[&uarr;] and kbd:[&darr;] arrows will display the previous and next input respectively in the command box.
====

// tag::undoredo[]
=== Undoing previous command : `undo`, `u`

Restores the address book to the state before the previous _undoable_ command was executed. +
Format: `undo`

[NOTE]
====
Undoable commands: those commands that modify the address book's content (`add`, `delete`, `edit` and `clear`).
====

Examples:

* `delete 1` +
`list` +
`undo` (reverses the `delete 1` command) +

* `select 1` +
`list` +
`u` +
The `undo` command fails as there are no undoable commands executed previously.

* `delete 1` +
`clear` +
`undo` (reverses the `clear` command) +
`u` (reverses the `delete 1` command) +

=== Redoing the previously undone command : `redo`, `r`

Reverses the most recent `undo` command. +
Format: `redo`

Examples:

* `delete 1` +
`undo` (reverses the `delete 1` command) +
`r` (reapplies the `delete 1` command) +

* `delete 1` +
`redo` +
The `redo` command fails as there are no `undo` commands executed previously.

* `delete 1` +
`clear` +
`undo` (reverses the `clear` command) +
`u` (reverses the `delete 1` command) +
`redo` (reapplies the `delete 1` command) +
`r` (reapplies the `clear` command) +
// end::undoredo[]

// tag::theme[]
=== Selecting a theme : `theme`, `t`

{since v1.3} +
Selects the theme identified by the index number. +
Format: `theme INDEX`

****
* Select and load the theme at the specified `INDEX`.
* The index refers to the index number shown in the most recent listing.
* The index *must be a positive integer* `1, 2, 3, ...`
****

Examples:

* `theme` +
`theme 1` +
Select and load the first theme in the results of the `themelist` command.
* `t` +
`theme 2` +
Select and load the second theme in the results of the `themelist` command.
// end::theme[]

// tag::recent[]
=== Display recently searched contacts : `recent`, `rc`

{since v1.4) +
Shows a list of all contacts that was returned by `find` command since application was started. +
Format: `recent`
// end::recent[]


// tag::gmap[]
=== Viewing the address of a contact : `gmap`, `gm`

{since v1.4} +
Selects the person identified by the index number used in the last person listing and displays the address found in a webpage using Google Map. +
Format: `gmap INDEX`

****
* Selects the person and loads the Google map search page at the person the specified `INDEX`.
* The index refers to the index number shown in the most recent listing.
* The index *must be a positive integer* `1, 2, 3, ...`
* If the address was not inputted correctly, Google Maps may display an incorrect listing as this command supplies the address field as an input to Google Maps.
****

Examples:

* `list` +
`gmap 2` +
Selects the 2nd person in the address book and displays the address in a webpage using Google Maps.
* `find Betsy` +
`gm 1` +
Selects the 1st person in the results of the `find` command and displays the address in a webpage using Google Maps.
// end::gmap[]

=== Clearing all entries : `clear`, `c`

Clears all entries from the address book. +
Format: `clear`

=== Exiting the program : `exit`

Exits the program. +
Format: `exit`

=== Saving the data

Address book data are saved in the hard disk automatically after any command that changes the data. +
There is no need to save manually.

== FAQ

*Q*: How do I transfer my data to another Computer? +
*A*: Install the app in the other computer and overwrite the sample data file it creates with the file that contains the data of your previous Address Book folder.

== Command Summary

=== Full commands
* *Add* : `add n/NAME p/PHONE_NUMBER [e/EMAIL] [a/ADDRESS] [h/HOMEPAGE] [t/TAG]...` +
e.g. `add n/James Ho p/22224444 e/jamesho@example.com a/123, Clementi Rd, 1234665 t/friend t/colleague`
* *Sort* : `sort [a]` or `sort [d]`
* *Clear* : `clear`
* *Delete* : `delete INDEX` +
e.g. `delete 3`
* *Edit* : `edit INDEX [n/NAME] [p/PHONE_NUMBER] [e/EMAIL] [a/ADDRESS] [h/HOMEPAGE] [t/TAG]...` +
e.g. `edit 2 n/James Lee e/jameslee@example.com`
* *Find whole word* : `find KEYWORD or [p/PHONE],[e/EMAIL], [a/ADDRESS], [h/HOMEPAGE], [t/TAG] [MORE_KEYWORDS]` +
+
e.g. `find John` +
Returns `john` and `John Doe` but does not return `Johnson`
+
e.g. `find e/example@example.com` +
Returns `example@example.com` only
* *Find any* : `findany KEYWORD or [p/PHONE],[e/EMAIL], [a/ADDRESS], [h/HOMEPAGE], [t/TAG] [MORE_KEYWORDS]` +
+
e.g. `findany john` +
Returns `Johnson` and `John Doe`
+
e.g. `findany p/123` +
Returns `123456`, `567123`, `967123456`
* *List* : `list`
* *Help* : `help`
* *About us* : `about`
* *Select* : `select INDEX` +
e.g.`select 2`
* *History* : `history`
* *Undo* : `undo`
* *Redo* : `redo`
* *Recent* : `recent`
* *Remark* : `remark INDEX re/REMARK`
* *Set avatar* : `setavatar INDEX sa/AVATAR_URL`
* *Change theme* : `theme INDEX`

=== Alias commands
* *Add* : `a`
* *Sort* : no alias
* *Clear* : `c`
* *Delete* : `d`
* *Edit* : `e`
* *Find exact* : `f`
* *Find any* : `fa`
* *List* : `l`
* *Help* : no alias
* *About us* : no alias
* *Select* : `s`
* *History* : `h`
* *Undo* : `u`
* *Redo* : `r`
* *Recent* : `rc`
* *Remark* : `re`
* *Set avatar* : `sa`
* *Change theme* : `t`

Commit message:

Docs: Update UserGuide due to enhancement of add command

docs/UserGuide.adoc, after:

= iungo - User Guide
:toc:
:toc-title:
:toc-placement: preamble
:sectnums:
:imagesDir: images
:stylesDir: stylesheets
:experimental:
ifdef::env-github[]
:tip-caption: :bulb:
:note-caption: :information_source:
endif::[]
:repoURL: https://github.com/CS2103AUG2017-F11-B3/main

By: `Team F11-B3`      Since: `Oct 2017`      Licence: `MIT`

== Quick Start

.  Ensure you have Java version `1.8.0_60` or later installed in your Computer.
+
[NOTE]
Having any Java 8 version is not enough. +
This app will not work with earlier versions of Java 8.
+
.  Download the latest `addressbook.jar` link:{repoURL}/releases[here].
.  Copy the file to the folder you want to use as the home folder for your Address Book.
.  Double-click the file to start the app. The GUI should appear in a few seconds.
.. The application will be preloaded with sample contacts. Type `clear` in the command box to reset the addressbook. For more information, look at 5.
+
image::Ui.png[width="790"]
+
.  Type the command in the command box and press kbd:[Enter] to execute it. +
e.g. typing *`help`* and pressing kbd:[Enter] will open the help window.
.  Some example commands you can try:

* *`list`* : lists all contacts
* **`add`**`n/John Doe p/98765432 e/johnd@example.com a/John street, block 123, #01-01` : adds a contact named `John Doe` to the Address Book.
* **`delete`**`3` : deletes the 3rd contact shown in the current list
* *`exit`* : exits the app

.  Refer to the link:#features[Features] section below for details of each command.

== Features

====
*Command Format*

* Words in `UPPER_CASE` are the parameters to be supplied by the user e.g. in `add n/NAME`, `NAME` is a parameter which can be used as `add n/John Doe`.
* Items in square brackets are optional e.g `n/NAME [t/TAG]` can be used as `n/John Doe t/friend` or as `n/John Doe`.
* Items with `…`​ after them can be used multiple times including zero times e.g. `[t/TAG]...` can be used as `{nbsp}` (i.e. 0 times), `t/friend`, `t/friend t/family` etc.
* Parameters can be in any order e.g. if the command specifies `n/NAME p/PHONE_NUMBER`, `p/PHONE_NUMBER n/NAME` is also acceptable.
====

[NOTE]
Some commands have `aliases` -- shorter command parameters. If they exist, they will be positioned beside the
full command in the header title. +
E.g. Adding a person : `add`, `a`
[NOTE]
Some commands can be `undone`. If they exist, an `UNDOABLE` will be positioned below the full command in the header.

=== Viewing help : `help`

Format: `help`

// tag::about[]
=== Viewing About us : `about`

Format: `about`
// end::about[]

// tag::add[]
=== Adding a person: `add`, `a`

`UNDOABLE`

Adds a person to the address book +
Addable parameters: `name`, `phone`, `email`, `address`, `homepage`, `remark`, `tag` +
Format: `add n/NAME p/PHONE_NUMBER [e/EMAIL] [a/ADDRESS] [h/HOMEPAGE] [re/REMARK] [t/TAG]...`

[TIP]
A person can have any number of tags (including 0) +
[TIP]
The `EMAIL`, `ADDRESS`, `HOMEPAGE`, `REMARK` and `TAG` parameters are OPTIONAL {since v1.5rc}
[TIP]
There is also another way to add a `remark` to a person; refer to the <<remark, Remark>> section
[NOTE]
A person will have a default homepage of a Google search of his/her name, if `/h` was not included in the add command
[NOTE]
The `HOMEPAGE` provided should be a complete URL, including the `http://` header.
[NOTE]
`Avatars` cannot be added with this command, they need to be set separately. Refer to the <<avatar, Set avatar>> section

Examples:

* `add n/John Doe p/98765432 e/johnd@example.com a/John street, block 123, #01-01 h/http://www.johndoe.com`
* `add n/Betsy Crowe t/friend a/Newgate Prison p/1234567 t/criminal`
* `a n/Jane Doe p/87654321 e/janede@example.com`

// end::add[]

=== Listing all persons : `list`, `l`

Shows a list of all persons in the address book. +
Format: `list`

// tag::sort[]
=== Sorting the contact list : `sort`

`UNDOABLE` +
{since v1.2} +
Sorts the contact list in either [a]scending or [d]escending order and shows the list. +
Format: `sort a` or `sort d`

****
* The parameters are OPTIONAL. `sort` on its own will default to a sort in ascending order.
****

// end::sort[]


// tag::edit[]
=== Editing a person : `edit`, `e`

`UNDOABLE` +
Edits an existing person in the address book. +
Editable parameters: `name`, `phone`, `email`, `address`, `homepage`, `remark`, `tag` +
Format: `edit INDEX [n/NAME] [p/PHONE] [e/EMAIL] [a/ADDRESS] [h/HOMEPAGE] [re/REMARK] [t/TAG]...`

****
* Edits the person at the specified `INDEX`. The index refers to the index number shown in the last person listing. The index *must be a positive integer* 1, 2, 3, ...
* At least one of the optional fields must be provided.
* Existing values will be updated to the input values.
* When editing tags, the existing tags of the person will be removed i.e adding of tags is not cumulative.
* You can remove all the person's tags by typing `t/` without specifying any tags after it.
* You can reset the homepage to the default homepage by typing `h/` without specifying any URL after it.
****

[NOTE]
If the name is edited and the contact did not previously have a custom homepage set, the default homepage will switch
 to a Google search of the new name. If there was a custom homepage set, the homepage will not change
[TIP]
There is also another way to edit a `remark` of a person; refer to the <<remark, Remark>> section

Examples:

* `edit 1 p/91234567 e/johndoe@example.com` +
Edits the phone number and email address of the 1st person to be `91234567` and `johndoe@example.com` respectively.
* `e 2 n/Betsy Crower h/http://www.google.com t/` +
Edits the name of the 2nd person to be `Betsy Crower`, sets the homepage to be `http://www.google.com`,  and clears all existing tags.

// end::edit[]

// tag::find[]
=== Locating persons by full keyword: `find`, `f`

{find by parameters available since v1.2} +
Finds persons whose details contain any of the given specified keywords. *Keyword must be exact* +
Format: `find KEYWORD [MORE_KEYWORDS]` +
`[p/PHONE] KEYWORD [MORE_KEYWORDS]` +
`[e/EMAIL] KEYWORD [MORE_KEYWORDS]` +
`[a/ADDRESS] KEYWORD [MORE_KEYWORDS]` +
`[h/HOMEPAGE] KEYWORD [MORE_KEYWORDS]` +
`[t/TAG] KEYWORD [MORE_KEYWORDS]`

****
* The search is case insensitive. e.g `hans` will match `Hans`
* The order of the keywords does not matter. e.g. `Hans Bo` will match `Bo Hans`
* Fields are optional (having no options default to finding name).
* Only full words can be matched e.g. `Han` will not match `Hannons`
* Persons matching at least one keyword will be returned (i.e. `OR` search). e.g. `Hans Bo` will return `Hans Gruber`, `Bo Yang`
****

Examples:

Find by `Name`:

* `find John` +
Returns `john` and `John Doe` but does not return `Johnson`
* `f Betsy Tim John` +
Returns any person having names `Betsy`, `Tim`, or `John` but does not return `Johnson`

Find by `Phone`:

* `find p/9123456` +
Returns any person having phone `9123456`
* `find p/9123456 8123456` +
Returns any person having phone `9123456`, `8123456`

=== Locating persons by partial keyword: `findany`, `fa`

{since v1.2} +
Finds persons whose details contain any of the given specified keywords. *Keyword can be partial.* +
Format: `findany KEYWORD [MORE_KEYWORDS]` +
`[p/PHONE] KEYWORD [MORE_KEYWORDS]` +
`[e/EMAIL] KEYWORD [MORE_KEYWORDS]` +
`[a/ADDRESS] KEYWORD [MORE_KEYWORDS]` +
`[h/HOMEPAGE] KEYWORD [MORE_KEYWORDS]` +
`[t/TAG] KEYWORD [MORE_KEYWORDS]`

****
* Keyword used can be partial. e.g. `Han` will match `Hannon`
****

Examples:

Find by `Name`:

* `findany john` +
Can return `Johnson` and `John Doe`
* `fa Bets Tim John` +
Returns any person having names containing `Bets`, `Tim`, or `John`, i.e. `Betsy`, `Timothy`, or `Johnson`.

Find by `Phone`:

* `findany p/9123` +
Returns `9123456`, `91234888`
* `fa p/123 777 888` +
Returns any person having phone `9123456`, `8123456`, `8777666`, or `9888555`
// end::find[]


=== Deleting a person : `delete`, `d`

`UNDOABLE` +
Deletes the specified person from the address book. +
Format: `delete INDEX`

****
* Deletes the person at the specified `INDEX`.
* The index refers to the index number shown in the most recent listing.
* The index *must be a positive integer* 1, 2, 3, ...
****

Examples:

* `list` +
`delete 2` +
Deletes the 2nd person in the address book.
* `find Betsy` +
`d 1` +
Deletes the 1st person in the results of the `find` command.

=== Selecting a person : `select`, `s`

Selects the person identified by the index number used in the last person listing. +
Format: `select INDEX`

****
* Selects the person and loads the Google search page the person at the specified `INDEX`.
* The index refers to the index number shown in the most recent listing.
* The index *must be a positive integer* `1, 2, 3, ...`
****

Examples:

* `list` +
`select 2` +
Selects the 2nd person in the address book.
* `find Betsy` +
`s 1` +
Selects the 1st person in the results of the `find` command.

[[remark]]
//tag::remark[]
=== Adding a Remark to a person : `remark`, `re`

`UNDOABLE` +
{since v1.1} +
Give a person a remark by the index number used in the last person listing. +
Format: `remark INDEX re/REMARK`

****
* Give the person a remark at the specified `INDEX`.
* The index refers to the index number shown in the most recent listing.
* The index *must be a positive integer* `1, 2, 3, ...`
* The re/REMARK field is compulsory.
****

Examples:

* `list` +
`remark 2 re/He's my childhood friend` +
Give the 2nd person a remark in the address book.
* `find Betsy` +
`re 1 re/Owes me money` +
Gives the 1st person in the results of the `find` command a remark.

// end::remark[]

[[avatar]]
//tag::avatar[]
=== Setting an avatar for a contact : `setavatar`, `sa`
{since v1.3} +
Sets an avatar for a contact referenced by the index number used in the last person listing.
If `AVATAR_URL` is empty; i.e `sa INDEX sa/`, the current avatar (if any) will be deleted. +
Format: `setavatar INDEX sa/[AVATAR_URL]` +
Alias: `sa INDEX sa/[AVATAR_URL]`

[NOTE]
This requires an active Internet connection to work, as the application requires an URL to retrieve the image.
[NOTE]
This command *cannot* be undone, if `sa INDEX sa/` is invoked, you will need to add the avatar again with an URL.

****
* Sets the avatar for the contact at the specified `INDEX`.
* The index refers to the index number shown in the most recent listing.
* The index *must be a positive integer* `1, 2, 3, ...`
* If `AVATAR_URL` is empty; i.e `""`, the avatar will be removed and the default avatar will be shown
* The image size *must not be bigger than 50KB*.
****

Examples:

* `setavatar 1 sa/https://i.imgur.com/xPHOeWL.png` +
Sets the avatar of the 1st person listed to be the image as referenced by https://i.imgur.com/xPHOeWL.png.
//end::avatar[]

=== Listing entered commands : `history`, `h`

Lists all the commands that you have entered in reverse chronological order. +
Format: `history`

[NOTE]
====
Pressing the kbd:[&uarr;] and kbd:[&darr;] arrows will display the previous and next input respectively in the command box.
====

// tag::undoredo[]
=== Undoing previous command : `undo`, `u`

Restores the address book to the state before the previous _undoable_ command was executed. +
Format: `undo`

[NOTE]
====
Undoable commands: those commands that modify the address book's content (`add`, `delete`, `edit` and `clear`).
====

Examples:

* `delete 1` +
`list` +
`undo` (reverses the `delete 1` command) +

* `select 1` +
`list` +
`u` +
The `undo` command fails as there are no undoable commands executed previously.

* `delete 1` +
`clear` +
`undo` (reverses the `clear` command) +
`u` (reverses the `delete 1` command) +

=== Redoing the previously undone command : `redo`, `r`

Reverses the most recent `undo` command. +
Format: `redo`

Examples:

* `delete 1` +
`undo` (reverses the `delete 1` command) +
`r` (reapplies the `delete 1` command) +

* `delete 1` +
`redo` +
The `redo` command fails as there are no `undo` commands executed previously.

* `delete 1` +
`clear` +
`undo` (reverses the `clear` command) +
`u` (reverses the `delete 1` command) +
`redo` (reapplies the `delete 1` command) +
`r` (reapplies the `clear` command) +
// end::undoredo[]

// tag::theme[]
=== Selecting a theme : `theme`, `t`

{since v1.3} +
Selects the theme identified by the index number. +
Format: `theme INDEX`

****
* Select and load the theme at the specified `INDEX`.
* The index refers to the index number shown in the most recent listing.
* The index *must be a positive integer* `1, 2, 3, ...`
****

Examples:

* `theme` +
`theme 1` +
Select and load the first theme in the results of the `themelist` command.
* `t` +
`theme 2` +
Select and load the second theme in the results of the `themelist` command.
// end::theme[]

// tag::recent[]
=== Display recently searched contacts : `recent`, `rc`

{since v1.4) +
Shows a list of all contacts that was returned by `find` command since application was started. +
Format: `recent`
// end::recent[]


// tag::gmap[]
=== Viewing the address of a contact : `gmap`, `gm`

{since v1.4} +
Selects the person identified by the index number used in the last person listing and displays the address found in a webpage using Google Map. +
Format: `gmap INDEX`

****
* Selects the person and loads the Google map search page at the person the specified `INDEX`.
* The index refers to the index number shown in the most recent listing.
* The index *must be a positive integer* `1, 2, 3, ...`
* If the address was not inputted correctly, Google Maps may display an incorrect listing as this command supplies the address field as an input to Google Maps.
****

Examples:

* `list` +
`gmap 2` +
Selects the 2nd person in the address book and displays the address in a webpage using Google Maps.
* `find Betsy` +
`gm 1` +
Selects the 1st person in the results of the `find` command and displays the address in a webpage using Google Maps.
// end::gmap[]

=== Clearing all entries : `clear`, `c`

Clears all entries from the address book. +
Format: `clear`

=== Exiting the program : `exit`

Exits the program. +
Format: `exit`

=== Saving the data

Address book data are saved in the hard disk automatically after any command that changes the data. +
There is no need to save manually.

== FAQ

*Q*: How do I transfer my data to another Computer? +
*A*: Install the app in the other computer and overwrite the sample data file it creates with the file that contains the data of your previous Address Book folder.

== Command Summary

=== Full commands
* *Add* : `add n/NAME p/PHONE_NUMBER [e/EMAIL] [a/ADDRESS] [h/HOMEPAGE] [t/TAG]...` +
e.g. `add n/James Ho p/22224444 e/jamesho@example.com a/123, Clementi Rd, 1234665 t/friend t/colleague`
* *Sort* : `sort [a]` or `sort [d]`
* *Clear* : `clear`
* *Delete* : `delete INDEX` +
e.g. `delete 3`
* *Edit* : `edit INDEX [n/NAME] [p/PHONE_NUMBER] [e/EMAIL] [a/ADDRESS] [h/HOMEPAGE] [t/TAG]...` +
e.g. `edit 2 n/James Lee e/jameslee@example.com`
* *Find whole word* : `find KEYWORD or [p/PHONE],[e/EMAIL], [a/ADDRESS], [h/HOMEPAGE], [t/TAG] [MORE_KEYWORDS]` +
+
e.g. `find John` +
Returns `john` and `John Doe` but does not return `Johnson`
+
e.g. `find e/example@example.com` +
Returns `example@example.com` only
* *Find any* : `findany KEYWORD or [p/PHONE],[e/EMAIL], [a/ADDRESS], [h/HOMEPAGE], [t/TAG] [MORE_KEYWORDS]` +
+
e.g. `findany john` +
Returns `Johnson` and `John Doe`
+
e.g. `findany p/123` +
Returns `123456`, `567123`, `967123456`
* *List* : `list`
* *Help* : `help`
* *About us* : `about`
* *Select* : `select INDEX` +
e.g.`select 2`
* *History* : `history`
* *Undo* : `undo`
* *Redo* : `redo`
* *Recent* : `recent`
* *Remark* : `remark INDEX re/REMARK`
* *Set avatar* : `setavatar INDEX sa/AVATAR_URL`
* *Change theme* : `theme INDEX`

=== Alias commands
* *Add* : `a`
* *Sort* : no alias
* *Clear* : `c`
* *Delete* : `d`
* *Edit* : `e`
* *Find exact* : `f`
* *Find any* : `fa`
* *List* : `l`
* *Help* : no alias
* *About us* : no alias
* *Select* : `s`
* *History* : `h`
* *Undo* : `u`
* *Redo* : `r`
* *Recent* : `rc`
* *Remark* : `re`
* *Set avatar* : `sa`
* *Change theme* : `t`
